// Screen where  they can select a timed routine?
// Screen where user can select a specialised routine?
// Connect to music player?

child's pose
Kneel on your mat with your knees hips-width distance apart and your big toes touching behind you.
Take a deep breath in and as you exhale, lie your torso over your thighs. Try to lengthen your neck and spine by drawing your ribs away from your tailbone and the crown of your head away from your shoulders.
Rest your arms beside your legs, with palms facing up, resting your cheek on the floor.
Stay here for two breaths, then turn your head the other way and stay for another two.

cobra
From Child's Pose, lie down on your belly. Extend your arms straight out in front of you.
As you lift your head up off the ground, slowly walk your hands in, keeping your hips and thighs on the ground, but gently arching your lower back. Walk them in as far as you can, keeping your elbows slightly bent.
Actively relax, keeping your gaze forward or lowering your head back between your shoulder blades.
Stay here for five breaths, opening through the chest and abs, and then lower your torso back to the mat.

Seated Heart-Opener
From Cobra, press your hands into the floor beside your hips to sit up on your shins.
Rest your hands on your hips or release your palms to the floor behind you, opening through the chest and shoulders.
Breathe deeply for five breaths.

Cow and Cat
From Seated Heart-Opener, come onto your hands and knees so your back is flat and your abs engaged. As you inhale, let your belly soften, arch your back, and lift your head and tailbone. This part of the stretch is called Cow.
With an exhale, round your spine up to the ceiling, pull your abs toward your spine, and simultaneously tuck your tailbone in, drawing your chin toward your chest. This part is called Cat.
For five breaths, continue flowing back and forth from Cat to Cow, breathing deeply so as not to rush each movement.

Downward Facing Dog
From Cow and Cat, tuck your toes and lift your hips coming into Down Dog.
Relax the shoulders away from the ears, lengthen the spine, and try to release your heels to the floor as you breathe deeply, enjoying this pose for five breaths.

Three-Legged Dog
From Down Dog, step the feet together so your big toes are touching. Keep the left heel on the mat and inhale to raise your right leg into the air, coming into Three-Legged Dog.
Hold here for five breaths with the shoulders parallel to the floor, keeping the belly still and breathing into the chest.

Knee-Up Plank
From Three-Legged Dog, shift your weight forward, bringing your shoulders over the wrists as you bend the right knee into the chest.
Hold here in Knee-Up Plank for five breaths. Try to hold the knee as high into the chest as you can.

Arching Three-Legged Dog
From Knee-Up Plank, shift your weight back to the left foot, raising the right leg into the air.
Actively bend the right knee, lift your head up, and turn to look over your left shoulder, arching the spine. Think about drawing your head and foot toward each other.
Stay here for five breaths, keeping the core strong.

Extended Tabletop
From Arching Three-Legged Dog, slowly lower your right leg to the floor behind you as you simultaneously raise your right arm in the air. You're essentially rotating your body 180 degrees so your belly is pointing up toward the ceiling. Readjust your feet if you need to so they are parallel and slightly wider than hips-width distance apart.
Press firmly into your feet to lift your hips high, engaging your glutes and hamstrings, and extend your right arm over your face.
Hold here for five complete breaths, gazing at your extended hand or up toward the ceiling.

Warrior 1
From Extended Tabletop, rotate your torso coming back to Three-Legged Dog.
Step your right foot forward between your hands. Turn your left heel in, press into your feet, and lift the torso up.
Raise your arms up pressing your palms together. Draw your shoulder blades down toward your hips, and gaze up toward your hands.
Stay here for five breaths.
//<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a>
// from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>

Warrior 3
From Warrior 1, lower your torso and lift your left leg, bringing your body parallel with the ground.
Extend your hands out in front of you, pressing your palms together firmly. If this bothers your shoulders, separate your arms so they're shoulder-width apart. If extending your arms creates pain or pressure in your lower back, rest your hands on your hips.
Engage your abs, holding this position for five deep breaths.

Twisting Lizard
From Warrior 3, come into a low lunge with the right knee bent.
Rest your left hand on the mat underneath your shoulder. Raise your right arm into the air, twisting to the left, gazing behind you.
Enjoy this pose for five breaths.

Plank
From Twisting Lizard, work your way back to Down Dog by taking a vinyasa. The first part of a vinyasa is Plank pose with the arms and body straight, shoulders over the wrists. Keep the belly engaged.
Inhale here.

Upward Facing Dog
Inhale to roll forward onto the tops of the feet, sweep the chest forward, and arch the spine, coming into Upward Facing Dog.

Rotated Side Angle Prayer
From Arching Warrior, hold your legs in Warrior 1 position, and on an exhale, cross your left elbow over your right thigh.
Press your palms together firmly, and push into your bottom arm to lengthen the spine and increase the twist.
Gaze over your right shoulder, breathing for five full breaths.

Warrior 2
From Arching Warrior, open the hips, arms, and chest to the left side of your mat, gazing over the right fingertips.
Hold here with the right thigh parallel to the floor for five breaths.

Extended Side Angle
From Warrior 2, place your right hand on the ground behind your right foot (on the little toe side). Extend your left arm straight up, turning your palm down so your thumb is pointing behind you.
Stay here for five breaths.

Reverse Warrior
From Extended Side Angle, inhale to lift the torso up. With an exhale, gently arch back and lower your left hand down, resting it on the back of your left leg.
Raise your right arm overhead, feeling the stretch through the right side of your body. Continue to lower your hips, pressing your front knee forward so it's directly over your right ankle.
Remain here for five complete breaths.

Open Triangle
moderate
From Reverse Warrior, lift the torso, straighten your right leg, and turn your left toes slightly to the right, making a 45-degree angle. Keep both legs straight as you reach your right hand straight out over your right leg.
Lower your right hand, resting it on your right shin or a block or place your palm flat on the floor. Extend your left arm straight up and gaze at your left fingertips.
Stay like this for five deep breaths. Then lift your torso up and either rotate your feet to the left or come into Down Dog, step your left foot forward between your hands, and repeat this pose on the left side.

Half Moon
From Open Triangle, inhale to lift your torso and tip forward. Plant your right palm about a foot in front of your right toes. Raise your left leg into the air.
Distribute your weight evenly between your right hand and foot. Lift your left arm up, and gaze toward your left hand.
Hold for five breaths.
Lower your left foot to the floor behind and work your way back to a plank position. Take a vinyasa (Chaturanga, Up Dog, Down Dog) and step the left foot forward between the hands. Repeat the last seven poses on this side (Arching Warrior, Rotated Side Angle Prayer, Warrior 2, Extended Side Angle, Reverse Warrior, Open Triangle, and Half Moon).

Pigeon
From Chest-Opening Spinal Twist, roll onto the belly. Press up into Plank, bring the right knee forward between the hands, and rest the left leg on the floor.
Exhale to lower your forearms to the floor. Stay here, or flatten your torso on your right shin for a deeper stretch.
Breath deeply for five breaths. Repeat with the left knee forward for another five.




<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/ddara" title="dDara">dDara</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>




Downward-Facing Dog
Downward-Facing Tree,
Shooting bow,
Crescent Moon
Half moon
Eight-Limbed Salutation Caterpillar
Eight-angled
Crow (arms bent)
Formidable
Bharadvaja's twist
Frog
Arm-pressing posture
Low Plank
Staff
Durvasa's Pose
Embryo in Womb
Eagle
Cowherd Gorakhnath's pose
Plough
Hanuman's Pose
Head-to-Knee
Pigeon
Ear-pressing
Kaundinya's pose
Heron
Tortoise
Pendant
Crocodile
Garland
Marichi's Pose
Fish
Lord of the Fishes Matsyendra's pose
Peacock
Liberated
Dancer
Boat
Lotus
Gate
Side angle
Intense side stretch
Noose
Feathered Peacock
Wide Stance Forward Bend
King Pigeon
Locust
Shoulder Stand
Side splits
Shoulder supported bridge
Accomplished,
Lion
Headstand
Easy
Big toe supine
Sun Salutation
Lucky mark
Mountain
Firefly
Triangle
Balance / Scales
Dragonfly
Wheel
Upward-Facing Dog
Powerful
extended hand to Big Toe
II: leg to the front)
Thunderbolt
Side plank
Inverted Staff
Legs up the wall
Reversed Warrior
Hero,
Tree
Scorpion
Yogic sleep

Ananta's pose y intermediate
Belly twist y beginner
Bound angle y beginner
Bow y intermediate
Camel y intermediate
Caterpillar y beginner
Cat y beginner
Chair y beginner
Child y beginner
Cobra y beginner
Cockerel y advanced
Corpse y beginner
Cow-faced y beginner
Cow y beginner
Crane (arms straight) y advanced
extended hand to Big Toe
(I: leg to the side; y intermediate
Warrior I y beginner
Warrior II y beginner
Warrior III y intermediate